---
layout: post
title: 2020 NE-5 Conclave
author:
date: 2020-01-31
banner: 2020-Conclave.png
thumbnail: 2020-Conclave.png
excerpt: Share fellowship and experience with hundreds of Arrowmen from all over our section (including Europe and Puerto Rico).
event:
  title: Section NE-5 Conclave
  date: 2020-06-05
---

Join Unami Lodge this year with the rest of [Section NE-5](http://oane5.org) at Conclave. Section NE-5 encapsulates a large portion of eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and also includes OA Lodges from Puerto Rico, and the Transatlantic Council. Conclave is an opportunity for all of these great lodges to join together and share fun, fellowship, traditions, and experience.

<blockquote>

Just as Arrowmen are called to serve everyday and as stewards of natural resources, Section NE-5 will be following in the footsteps of backcountry brethren who were the stewards of the wilderness before us. Join us for a fun weekend full of lumberjack activities including koob (viking chess), flapjack design contests, log splitting and rolling, and many others. Additionally, conclave participants will have free time to pursue a variety of activities such as free swim, boating, access to the ranges, an AIA Village, and a museum which commemorates Goose Pond’s history as it celebrates 100 years! Training opportunities will be available to those interested in expanding their skills or learning more about the OA and its traditions.

<footer class="blockquote-footer">Section NE-5 <cite title="oane5.org"><a href="http://oane5.org" target="_blank">oane5.org</a></cite></footer>
</blockquote>

The cost to attend Conclave with Unami Lodge is $45 until April 25 and then $55 until May 25, when registration closes. Given the distance of [Goose Pond Scout Reservation](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Goose+Pond+Scout+Reservation/@41.404131,-75.276116,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89c4b9a06308c7f7:0x881ed9ffccee371!8m2!3d41.404127!4d-75.273922), there will be carpools organized. If you want a ride, make sure to share your interest with the Conclave Committee.

If you have any questions please feel free to contact the Conclave Committee at [Conclave@UnamiLodge.org](/contact?recipient=conclave).
